What to do after installing windows in ubuntu.
Or just upgrading it when you can not get your windows back.

Here are some steps to do:

1. You must have a live CD. You need to use linux so please make a live CD.
2. Now you need to repair the boot. You have to download boot-repair from here. It can be done by:

	sudo add-apt-repository ppa:yannubuntu/boot-repair
	sudo apt-get update
	sudo apt-get install boot-repair

  The first line here simply adds ppa.
  Second upgrades it.
  Third install bootrepair.

3. Now you can run boot-repair and select recommended repair.
	It will automatically repair the boot.

What to do when during installation of ubuntu, the partition is not showing.

1. There might be several reasons for that:

	a. Your secure boot might be on. You need to off it and legacy boot on.
	b. It appears that the disk was partitioned using the GUID Partition Table (GPT) scheme (perhaps in a Mac) and was subsequently repartitioned using Master Boot Record (MBR) software that doesn't understand GPT. This tends to throw libparted, the library upon which the Ubuntu installer is based, for a loop.

Fortunately, the solution isn't all that difficult, although you will have to download and manually install some software:


    Boot into the Ubuntu Live CD. Alternatively, get the latest version of Parted Magic or System Rescue CD, boot it, and skip the next two steps.
    Go to the GPT fdisk (gdisk) download page and obtain the latest version (0.6.13) for your architecture. I'm afraid I missed what that was, if it was stated. It'll be either the gdisk*i386.deb or gdisk*amd64.deb file.
    Install the gdisk package file. Double-clicking on the desktop should do this, or you can type "sudo dpkg -i gdisk*deb" in the appropriate directory.
    Open a shell and type "sudo sgdisk --zap /dev/sda". It'll complain about partition problems, but it will still work. Be sure to use the --zap option, not --zap-all; also, note that the command name is sgdisk, not gdisk.
    Proceed with your Ubuntu installation.
